hey i just want to show you the best um
cheap for Smurfs village is like the
best one I know it's like if you guys
don't want to wait for the time of the
fruit or the food that you want to you
just do this what
okay listen up it's not my ipods my
little brothers so there's go go then
you go to the or you can't pass stuff
then you'll pick any way you want but
first at this check the time like
conference 18 hours so you just plan
okay then when you're done so say 18
hours left so then you just put it
you're the tools of settings
and you just go to general then go away
down go to date and time and then go to
set date and time and then go to the
date and then change it to UM the day
that's not exceed today's 21st i'm going
to change to this at 26 and then you
just quit it you go back to Smurfs
council
ok
oh yeah then I'll be ready and you
should pluck them off that's the easiest
toy to collect and make more faster the
plants or your vegetables that you want
to plant you can also do with other time
like if you want to do with strawberries
one hour see platte NE come on and you
won you guys want and you close it again
go back the tools I settings so general
hold it down date and time certain time
so you guys are also out if you guys
want weed if you guys are done and to go
back to your day because it's not going
to work then you go to an hour one
minutes put it go back Smurfs
hmm p for my hours at the did you write
civil union tools if it doesn't work you
had to go do it again aren't a lot of it
all now okay strawberries are done and
you go back to space
and i'm just using a little bit as I'd
public to stay in the shower summers and
its third coffee but then had to go to
the right toilet because then I was
going to say they wrong today time so
there's nothing to give you the points
or the things that you want she had to
go back to the right time right now it's
73 and I put the time to 12pm and that's
it so thanks for watching please
subscribe and comment thanks